doc: improve fs doc intro (#34843)
nodejs/node: doc/api/fs.md

<!-- source_link=lib/fs.js -->

> The `fs` module allows interacting with the file system in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fs` module enables interacting with the file system in a
```

> way closely modeled around standard POSIX functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
way modeled on standard POSIX functions.
```

To use this module:

```js
const fs = require('fs');
```

> All file system operations have synchronous, callback, and Promise-based

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All file system operations have synchronous, callback, and promise-based
```

> All file system operations have synchronous, asynchronous, and Promised-based

Reviewer 2: This addition seems a little strange to me, it makes it sound like the Promise-based API utilizes something other than sync or async processing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All file system operations have synchronous, asynchronous, and Promise-based
```

forms.

> ## Callback Example

Reviewer 2: nit: i think the flow of the documentation might be better with the examples shown in the order in which they were listed above (sync, callback, Promise).

> ## Callback Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Callback example
```

The callback form takes a completion callback function as its last
argument and invokes the operation asynchronously. The arguments passed to
the completion callback depend on the method, but the first argument is always

> reserved for an exception. If the operation was completed successfully, then
> the first argument will be `null` or `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reserved for an exception. If the operation is completed successfully, then
the first argument is `null` or `undefined`.
```

});
```

> ## Synchronous Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Synchronous example
```

The synchronous form blocks the Node.js event loop and further JavaScript
execution until the operation is complete. Exceptions are thrown immediately

> and may be handled using `try…catch`, or may be allowed to bubble up.

Reviewer 3: nit: ... and it can be caught using `try..catch` else it will be bubble up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and can be handled using `try…catch`, or can be allowed to bubble up.
```

Reviewer: > nit: ... and it can be caught using `try..catch` else it will be bubble up.

If we do something like that, I'd suggest splitting it into two sentences. The second sentence would be something like "If `try..catch` is not used, the exception bulbbles up."

}
```

## Promise Example

`Promise`-based operations return a `Promise` that is resolved when the
operation is complete.

```js
const fs = require('fs/promises');

fs.unlink('/tmp/hello')
  .then(() => console.log('successfully deleted /tmp/hello'))
  .catch((error) => {
    console.error('there was an error:', error.message);

>   });

Reviewer 4: I’d be a fan of using async/await for all Promise API examples, unless it’s actually specific to Promises :)

Author: Yeah, I was wondering about that... should we go ahead and use top level await here or wrap it?

Reviewer 4: I wouldn’t use TLA unless we also switch to `import` – wrapping it was what I had in mind, and it should be unproblematic given that we’d have a `try/catch` around the entire thing here :)

}
```

> ## Promise Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Promise example
```

> `Promise`-based operations return a `Promise` that is resolved when the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Promise-based operations return a `Promise` that is resolved when the
```

asynchronous operation is complete.

```js
const fs = require('fs/promises');

> (async function (path) {

Author: ```suggestion
(async function(path) {
```

  try {
    await fs.unlink(path);
    console.log(`successfully deleted ${path}`);

>   } catch(error) {

Author: ```suggestion
  } catch (error) {
```

    console.error('there was an error:', error.message);
  }
})('/tmp/hello');
```

> ## Ordering of callback and Promise-based operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Ordering of callback and promise-based operations
```

There is no guaranteed ordering when using either the callback or

> `Promise`-based methods. For example, the following is prone to error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
promise-based methods. For example, the following is prone to error
```

> because the `fs.stat()` operation may complete before the `fs.rename()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
because the `fs.stat()` operation might complete before the `fs.rename()`
```

});
```

> Or, use the `Promise`-based API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, use the promise-based API:
```

```js
const fs = require('fs/promises');

> (async function (from, to) {

Author: ```suggestion
(async function(from, to) {
```

  await fs.rename(from, to);
  const stats = await fs.stat(to);
  console.log(`stats: ${JSON.stringify(stats)}`);

> })('/tmp/hello', '/tmp/world');

Author: Will do!
